Today is your home court
This investment banquet
4 big gambles have pulled you
This is an unprecedented holy light in Jiangcheng
I still have to thank Mr. Han for his recommendation
I toast you
These two are on the left, this is Chen Jiajia
On the right is Chang Jiajia.
It was the two of them
Assets add up to over 100 billion, right?
Just a lot more
Han Shao
This is today's heroine, Miss Hu
This Miss Hu looks really temperamental
Long Yang two seniors
I was so generous when I saw you today
Thank you very much.
Miss Hu can be wooed by the four major courtiers
Future ex-husbands are not something we can compare to
The two seniors are humble
inside
Miss Wu, this is your friend.
He is Miss Hu's ex-husband
He learned that Miss Hu
Received the appreciation and investment of the Qin family
I guess it's for money.
He's so brave
Dare to break into the joint investment banquet of 4 wealthy families
What's going on in this hotel?
Leave everyone alone
Aren't you afraid of the anger of the four wealthy families?
OK
It should be for me
I'm going to drive him away
Mingyue, is this where you want to enter?
Baizi is still investing in the signing banquet
All of them are not the Jiangnan Application Rights Association
Industry experience
This is not where you mess up.